{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1.	Forgot Password Dialog should have the keyboard already opened and the panel not covered by the keyboard when triggered.\'a0\
	2.	Settings Module - When disabled Temperature and Printer in the admin, the options is still not hidden on the app.\
	3.	Can the placeholder text for Login Email and Password field be 50% dimmed? Thanks.\
	4.	Freshly installed app is showing a Guest record \'93AngelWing" on 18 May 2016 1:13pm and this is not found in the database. Is this stored locally?\
	5.	The Guests listing separator date title is currently \'9218/5/15\'92. Please change to 18 May 2016 format.\
	6.	VERY SORRY FOR THIS!!!! Disable the tap outside the Add Guest panel to dismiss. As it\'92s too easy to dismiss the entered data esp when using the picker. SORRY!\
	7.	Select Photo from Gallery will have a Move and Scale function but why is the default size not full screen? Also, move and scale is cropping the image? if so should there be a outline box like in the camera process? The resulted photo appearing in the Thumbnail Circle frame is strangely cropped. Ideally, photos selection from photo gallery should aspect fill the full screen and what you see is the entire image that should be saved.\
	8.	Can the Add Guest all fields (name, organization, nric) do an Initial Cap?\
	9.	Picker to have default \'91Please select\'92 which is considered not \'91filled in\'92.}