{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	1.	Forgot Password Dialog should have the keyboard already opened and the panel not covered by the keyboard when triggered.\'a0\
> Done\
	2.	Settings Module - When disabled Temperature and Printer in the admin, the options is still not hidden on the app.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
> Done\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
	3.	Can the placeholder text for Login Email and Password field be 50% dimmed? Thanks.\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
> Done\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
	4.	Freshly installed app is showing a Guest record \'93AngelWing" on 18 May 2016 1:13pm and this is not found in the database. Is this stored locally?\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
> I don\'92t see this one. Did a fresh install.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
	5.	The Guests listing separator date title is currently \'9218/5/15\'92. Please change to 18 May 2016 format.\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
> Changed to MMM dd, yyyy (May 18, 2016). This is the medium length from iOS, other custom formal will disable the relative date formatting (Today, etc)\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
	6.	VERY SORRY FOR THIS!!!! Disable the tap outside the Add Guest panel to dismiss. As it\'92s too easy to dismiss the entered data esp when using the picker. SORRY!\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
> Done\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	7.	Select Photo from Gallery will have a Move and Scale function but why is the default size not full screen? Also, move and scale is cropping the image? if so should there be a outline box like in the camera process? The resulted photo appearing in the Thumbnail Circle frame is strangely cropped. Ideally, photos selection from photo gallery should aspect fill the full screen and what you see is the entire image that should be saved.\
> I removed the \'93move and scale\'94 function for now. This is caused by a bug in a 3rd party library \'91FSMediaPicker\'92, I can check for a substitute if the move and scale feature is required. Otherwise, we can stick with the image picker without the move and scale function.\
	8.	Can the Add Guest all fields (name, organization, nric) do an Initial Cap?\
> Done. I changed the fields to \'91Words\'92 capitalization\
	9.	Picker to have default \'91Please select\'92 which is considered not \'91filled in\'92.\
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural
\cf0 > Done\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 	1.	Noted on Next/Prev. No Action required.\
	2.	Andy will follow up with the API for the forgot password.\
	3.	I see you changed the NEXT button on Organization field to Done. Sorry for the miscomm, but as it is not really the last field, it should still be NEXT, which should lead to the picker still.\'a0\
	4.	Ok. Use attached. \
}